setup
-----
10 tokens between Sieth Tabr, False Wall South, and False Wall West.
10 tokens in Reserves.
3 spice

Basic Powers
------------
Desert Creatures: Your army tokens may move an additional space per move.

Native: You may bring any or all your reserves onto any territory within two territories of Great Flat (subject to storm and occupancy rules).
This is your only method of bringing army tokens onto the play area.
Deploying armies this way has no cost.

Sandriders:
If a worm appears in a territory with your army tokens, they are not devoured.
You may then ride the worm to any territory on the board (subject to storm and occupancy rules). This has no other effect on the destination territory.

Liet's Plan:
If:
  1. No player has won by the end of the last turn
  2. You (or no one) occupies Sieth Tabr and Habbanya Ridge Sietch
  3. Neither Harkonnen, Atreides, nor Emperor occupies Tuek's Sietch
Then you have successfully prevented interference with your plans to make Dune a paradise. You and your allies win instead of the Guild.

Underestimated:
You revive up the 3 tokens for free.

ADVANCED POWERS
---------------

Taste the Air:
After the storm round, you roll the die and keep it hidden until the next storm round. You (and only you) may look at the die at any time.

Bless the Maker:
For each worm that appears after the first in the same territory, you may select which territory that worm appears.
If it appears in a desert territory, all enemy tokens are devoured. Fremen tokens may ride that worm to any other territory on the board (subject to storm and occupancy rules).
Tokens on the destination territory are not affected.

==> NOTE: does this happend BEFORE or AFTER the nexus?

Sandcraft:
Armies caught by storms or deployed within a storm are reduced by half (round down).

Desert Ghosts:
You may deploy armies within a storm, but they suffer the same effect as armies caught in a storm.

Thumpers:
You may play a Karama card during Spice Blow or your Movement round to cause a worm to appear in any territory (see Bless the Maker).
No nexus results from this play.

Long Live the Fighters:
You have 3 starred tokens, called Fedaykin.
They count as double for fighting strength (1 uncharged, 2 charged), but count as only 1 during revival.
Only 1 Fedaykin may be revived per turn.
