Start:
5 tokens in Tuek's Sietch and 15 tokens in reserve (off-planet).
5 spice

Free Revival:
1 token

Advantage:
You control all shipments onto and off Dune.
1. You are capable of making one of three possible types of shipments each turn. You may ship normally from off-planet reserves to Dune; or you may ship any number of tokens from any one territory to any other territory on the board; or you may ship any number of tokens from any one territory back to your reserves.
2. You need pay only half the fee when shipping your tokens (rounded up). The cost for shipping your reserves is the same as shipping to a sietch.
3. When any other play ships tokens onto Dune from off-planet reserves, he pahys the spice to you instead of to the spice bank.
4. If no player has been able to win the game by the end of play, you have prevented control of Dune and automatically win the game.

Alliance:
Allies may use the same types of shipments and at the same cost as you. They win with you if no else wins.

Additional Character Advantages:
You are not required to take your movement when it occurs in the turn sequence during the movement round but may take it at any turn in the sequence that you wish. The rest of the players must take their turns in the proper sequence. You do not have to reveal when you intend to take your turn until the moment you wish to take it.

Karama Powers:
You may use a Karama card to stop one off-planet shipment of any one player.

Strategy:
Your major handicap is your weak array of leaders and your inability to revive quickly. In addition you usually cannot buy treachery cards at the beginning of the game. You are vulnerable at this point and should make your stronger moves after building up your resources. If players do not ship on at a steady rate you will have to fight for spice on the surface or collect only the isolated blows. Your mobility allows you to make surprise moves and is particularly useful when you are the last player in the movement round. If the game is out of reach and well along, try suicide battles against the strongest players to weaken them and prevent a win until the spice deck runs out: the victory is then yours.